How you gon' switch up on a nigga like me?
On a nigga like (Laudiano)
How you gon' switch (Switch up), up on a nigga like me? (Like me)
On a nigga like me?
How you gon' switch (Switch up), up on a nigga like me? (Like me)
On a nigga like me? (Like me)
How you gon' switch on a nigga like this? Ayy
How you gon' bitch on a nigga like this? Ayy
I been a player since the motherfuckin' sixth grade
(Since the motherfuckin' sixth grade)
Got a short thick bitch, she look like Kim K (Woo)
Told my last bitch, "I don't want you" (Huh)
Been had that bitch, you old news (Bitch, you old news)
I been gettin' to this money like I'm 'posed to (Like I'm 'posed to)
And it ain't nothin' good if I approach you ('Proach you)
I could put you in that motherfuckin' white sail (White sail)
High as hell, bitch, I'm in the fuckin' hills (I'm in the hills)
Ayy, or I'm probably in the motherfuckin' coupe (In the coupe)
Swear to God how everybody with me stay ready to shoot
On my mama, this shit a cold game
Remember weighin' cocaine
Now I be smokin' propane
How you gon' switch (Switch up), up on a nigga like me? (Like me)
On a nigga like me?
How you gon' switch (Switch up), up on a nigga like me? (Like me)
On a nigga like me? (Like me)
I said how you gon' switch up? Ayy (They switchin' up)
Bet I let that bitch bust, ayy (Ayy, let that bitch bust)
Nigga, we don't give no fucks
From the morning to the night, better not try no shit with us
Baby, you ain't gettin' racks, you can't be my friend (Be my friend)
Ayy, he ain't caught a body, that is not my mans (Not my mans)
Yeah, I keep this nine milli', but I gave him ten (I gave him ten)
And if you see me with a bitch, just know that bitch a ten
(Just know that bitch bad)
I just popped a 30 Perc', that bitch is not a ten
(That bitch a thirty)
Ayy, all this Bape I'm in, it came from Japan (Bitch dirty)
Neiman Marcus, me and Bravo when we blowin' bands (Ayy)
All them niggas is my opps, they used to be my friends (Damn)
But I don't give a fuck, my nigga, I'ma keep it on me
(I'ma keep it on me)
It's crazy lately, I been feeling like the reaper on me
(Like the reaper on me)
I got demons on my mind, a nigga creepin' on me
Fuck them niggas, they been switchin' up and sleepin' on me
(Pussy niggas)
How you gon' switch (Switch up), up on a nigga like me? (Like me)
On a nigga like me?
How you gon' switch (Switch up), up on a nigga like me? (Like me)
On a nigga like me? (Like me)